Fill out plugin dev chapter more (#2586)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/developer/plugin-development/plugin-release-tips.adoc

---
layout: developersection

> title: Plugin Release Tips

Reviewer: Not sure we need it as a separate page, better to just add to Release guidelines. But whatever

---

Before you release a plugin, you should exercise it in ways that you probably didn't try while you were developing. 

> Walking through these steps yourself can save you a first round of bug reports from your users, and thus make your plugin higher-quality and lower cost-to-deploy.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Walking through these steps yourself can save you a first round of bug reports from your users, and thus make your plugin higher quality and lower cost to deploy.
```

## Test with agents

> Be sure to test the plugin with agent nodes running on remote machines before you try to deploy for real.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be sure to test the plugin with agent nodes running on remote machines before you release.
```
